RHEVDOCS3492, 3761: Aligned SBO 1.0.1 changes for IBM Z and Power (#42121)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/sbo-deploying-the-spring-petclinic-sample-application-power-z.adoc

.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
deployment.apps/spring-petclinic created
service/spring-petclinic created
----
+
[NOTE]
====
If you are deploying the application using *Container images* in the *Developer* perspective of the web console, you must enter the following environment variables under the *Deployment* section of the *Advanced options*:
* Name: SPRING_PROFILES_ACTIVE

> * Value: postgres

Reviewer: Suggestion: Formatting issue. please check and rectifiy.

====

. Verify that the application is not yet connected to the database service by running the following command:

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get pods -n my-petclinic
----
+

> It will take a few minutes until the `CrashLoopBackOff` status is displayed:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It takes a few minutes until the `CrashLoopBackOff` status is displayed:
```

+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
NAME                                READY   STATUS             RESTARTS      AGE
spring-petclinic-5b4c7999d4-wzdtz   0/1     CrashLoopBackOff   4 (13s ago)   2m25s
----
+

> At this stage, the pod fails to start. If you try to interact with the application, it will return errors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At this stage, the pod fails to start. If you try to interact with the application, it returns errors.
```
